Then, it depends, then the teaching says all the peaceful words begin to come. One after another
comes.
And then as soon as that is kind of like we couldn't recognize, and then what is coming?
Next is, there are a lot of words to come, one after another.
That again we kind of missed one after another, we couldn't recognize.
And then there is the last one, in a way. The last one is poured from the lightest kind, one after
another.
So this is again, each time, if we recognize, as we practice during the lifetime,
and such as the Vyasattva and the Sambhava, the Amitabha, all the Buddhas, as these peaceful, rapid
Buddhas,
then you just see, see as, in a way, what you've been practicing during the lifetime,
now you begin to see freshness, that without any frightening, without any kind of screening,
immediately this is my own display.
The nature of the mind, moment that thought, will lead back, immediately lead to that state of the
Buddha.
And no more further and useless thing like that.
Right there.
But if we missed those all, one after another, then, in the teaching said,
now, again it depends with the individualist, but mostly, then there is four lights coming.
Those four lights are white, yellow, red, and blue.
Blue lights are coming so strongly, and those are also known as the "quat droplet light" of the
western energies.
And this is also passage of the Sigur Vaidya Sattva in the teaching said.
Sigur Vaidya Sattva, this is, again, that our own awareness, primordial western lights are shining
out,
in a way, shining out and giving, in one way, another opportunity to gain relaxation.
Again, if you practice a foga in this light, such as foga, or the tutu, tutu practices,
normally you see this light, and this is displayed on our own natural mind.
And at that moment, you reach to the Daniel.
Enlightenment of the Sambukhi status, state Vaidya Sattva, or Edna Sambhu,
or Amitabha, or the Buddha famous meeting.
Then, in the teaching said, why five pink light? The green light does not come.
Because green light is not coming because still we are practicing.
Green is action. Action is Buddha Buddha. Buddha Buddha action, we are not yet at that stage.
So therefore, it comes only for light, and it is for lightness.
And, truly, the light, light, beams of light, ripples of light, circles of light, all those terms.
It comes, at the same time, in some teaching, or some, I think, individuals also experience another
kind of dull lights.
Dull lights. Light is very, those, these poor lights are so powerful, so strong, so bright.
But there is a dull light that comes almost undestructed with that.
And then you feel more kind of comfortable with that light.
And that is then kind of burnt to the samsara, or passage to the samsara state.
That also happens in the teaching said.
So once that kind of completed, completed, then in the teaching said, in the teaching again,
there is the final, almost the final, is then the true nature, the father of the true nature, in
the way of final.
Then all the trees, all the rocks, all those lights that come almost completely, fill the whole sky
, spaces.
At the same time, all the beams of experience are also kind of filled up.
That formation is filled with spaces.
And then, mostly individually, those are all the Buddhas and the enlightenment is so powerful, so
bright, so believed, so kind of majestic.
And then you feel more kind of appealing.
Appealing, more comfortable, more easy to those, those formations of the six realms.
And that is how, again, attach it and then you can't.
Around this time, now is ended this father of the true nature.
As I said in the teaching, this could last through hours or through days.
It's not that long.
Generally, in the teaching, definitely said, it's not that long.
Long is just through hours.
So the true nature of father is now ended.
Somehow, immediately recognize, now we are father of become.
So we follow with this, this teaching here.
Teaching, recognize what arise is self-appearance, awareness, is this there, realize it as the
impression of the interrelated state.
It is father, father is a dreamer.
Dream is the same thing.
There is no difference.
It is our own self-image of one's own awareness.
So therefore, they don't escape.
When we reach to the most important turning point, or when we reach to the most crucial point,
crucial point of our passage,
and this is time, we try to not escape, afraid with our own self-display of the awareness,
and be confident, be re-standingly our meditation practice in the lifetime.
If we are able to do that, then there is no more father of becoming, or father of this next, next,
that we reach there.
So therefore, in the teaching said, even we now, our physical situation is gone,
that we are now in these stages, but still our mind is with us, consciousness is with us,
and therefore, we can always re-stand in our meditation practices.
This depends on how much we practice in our lifetimes.
This practice is really quite good, even we couldn't recognize all these different stages,
and still, even we are here, still there is opportunity to become enlightened, or higher rebirth,
or we go to the buildings there, and that's the teaching said.
Because mind is so awful, everything related with mind is not missing at this time.
We carry everything, physical things, material things, anything is left behind.
But anything we do left with our mind, with our mind, is still continuing.
Nothing is really missing, even though more can't be left bright, more blood,
more can't be left stronger than even the lifetimes.
Therefore, this is the time we still can remember that.
So that is really part of the, part of the true nature.